c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
c:\users\peppeq\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\Peppeq\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Peppeq\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Peppeq\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Peppeq\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\SportsStore.WebUI.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.dll
C:\Users\hladky\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SportsStore\SportsStore.UnitTests\obj\Debug\SportsStore.UnitTests.pdb
